In-game terminal (SantavatorUnsolved.jpg)
Objective: get the elevator operational.
Hints:
  More art than science.
  Get colored lights into the receivers.
  Color minigame might be bypassed with browser console.


(Items are needed to direct the light particles and change colors.)
  Broken Candycane: near the castle entrance.
  Hex Nut (1): in castle first room, on the right, by the elevator.
  Hex Nut (2): in castle room left of the first room, close to the right wall.
  Green Bulb: in courtyard at the back of castle, in the back left.
  Elevator Service Key: given by Sparkle Redberry in front of the elevator.


(Open the panel by clicking the key.)
(Use an object to direct a light particle to the green receiver.)
(Put the green bulb over the particle to turn it green.)
(Click the key to close the panel.)
(Press the lobby button to complete the challenge.)
  SantavatorGreen.jpg


(With at least one button active, move to Burp Suite.)
  Proxy > Open browser > right before clicking a floor button > Intercept


(Intercepting the POST request, change the JSON value for targetFloor of your choice, and forward that. Ex: 3)
  {
    "targetFloor":"3",
    "id":"<someID>"
  }


(Forward the next message changing the floor in the action to the floor of your choice.)
  {
    "type":"COMPLETE_CHALLENGE",
    "resourceId":"<someID>",
    "hash":"<someHash>",
    "action":"goToFloor-3"
  }


(Turn off Intercept to let the rest of the message play out to get to the target floor.)
  {
    "type":"HIDE_SPINNER"
  }


(Available floors: 1, 1.5, 2, 3, r)


(Items for the Santavator after powering the green receiver.)
  Red Bulb: in castle second floor, in the back right.
  Portal Candies: open the door and enable the Vending Machine through the Speaker UNPrep challenge, then interact with the vending machine enough times to get them.
  Elevator 1.5 Button: open the door throught the Speaker UNPrep challenge, enter the newly open room, it's in the lower right corner.


(Light up the red receiver to access the workshop and roof.)
  SantavatorRed.jpg


(Items for the Santavator after powering the red receiver.)
  Yellow Bulb: in the castle roof top, in the back left, next to the sleigh.


(Light up the yellow receiver to enable the button for Santa's Office. But we need a fingerprint.)
  SantavatorYellow.jpg


(Items for the Santavator after powering the yellow receiver.)
  Large Marble: on the workshop floor, first room, right of to the first table.
  Rubber Ball: on the workshop floor, second room, bottom right corner.
  Proxmark3: not for the Santavator, but in the middle of the same room where the rubber ball is found.